add extension registry redesign to changelog (#21191)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Site admins can no longer view user added code host configuration. [#20851](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/20851)
- Site admins cannot add access tokens for any user by default. [#20988](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/20988)
- Our namespaced overlays now only scrape container metrics within that namespace. [#2969](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph/pull/2969)

> - The extension registry now displays more information about individual extensions. [#20822](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/20822)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The extension registry main page has a new visual design that better conveys the most useful information about extensions, and individual extension pages have better information architecture. [#20822](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/20822)
```
